I again want to remind you there is a PDF attached to this lecture that you must download when we talk
about hardening or securing, what we are doing is we are removing any dangerous default settings that
were applied during the installation process.
The engine next defaults are actually very secure and further hardening of the server is a combination
of securing and optimizing.
In the next section, we will secure and optimize Engine X in detail.
For now, what we want to do is we want to prevent information leakage.
In this case, we want to prevent the Engine X version number from being displayed on various pages,
as well as remove the server name from the HTP headers.
The main engine X configuration file that we are going to spend a lot of time editing is Engine X,
not SEO.
And if any change that you make to any Engine X configuration file to enable that change, you need
to restart or reload the engine service prior to restarting or reloading engine X, you must test the
configuration first.
You don't want to edit an engine X configuration file and then restart the service suddenly to discover
that there is a problem with one of the configuration files and the Engine X service goes down.
If your web server goes down, all your sites go down.
So what you do before you reload or restart Engine X, you test the configuration for errors to test
the engine X configuration.
You type Suja, engine X, hyphen T, the Seydou, engine X, hyphen T Command will identify any errors
in the engine X configuration.
Once you've tested the configuration and the test was successful, then you can reload or restart engine
X with engine X, it's preferable to reload engine X rather than restart.
Reloading does not drop connections in terminal.
I'm going to type the kill command and I followed by my server's IP address server engine X slash,
followed by the version of Engine X that is installed on my server.
Now what we want to do in this section is remove that.
We don't want the server header to be displayed.
If I open my browser and I take my IP address slash followed by ABC dot html, I get the ForFour not
found page, which is correct, but I also get engine X slash followed by the version number back to
terminal CD slash ATC.
The slash ATC directory is where you find all your configuration files.
Listing will display a directory called Ingenix CD Engine X, not CD slash engine X.
Engine X is a local path name.
Engine X is a subdirectory of the slash ATC directory.
A listing of the slash Etsy slash Ingenix directory displays the main engine X configuration file engine
Eckstut Seo F before editing any configuration file, make a backup copy of the file sudo.
We want to copy the name of the file that you want to copy is Engine Eckstut SEO in F leave a space
now type the name of the backup file name.
I'll top it as engine Eckstut seo in f dot be.
Okay, I'm listing of the slash EDC slash engine X directory or display both engine X.com in F and the
back up copy I created.
Now I need to edit engine X.com F sudo nano Nano is the editor I'll be using to edit various configuration
files on my server.
Niva Space followed by the filename engine Eckstut Seo in.
If we will be looking at the file engine next.
Orzio in in a lot of detail in the next section.
So for now this is the main context up to include.
This is the events context.
There is the opening curly bracket and there is the closing curly bracket of the events.
Context is the TTP context.
I'm going to scroll down till we get to the closing curly bracket for the H.
TTP context.
You can scroll up to the section basic settings.
Server tokens you can uncommented by removing the hash server tokens is the version number we saw on
a four a four page, we don't want to see the version number.
So I'm going to uncommented to enable the server tokens of DirecTV, all directors in a semi colon underneath
server tokens.
You can add more, underscore, clear, underscore headers leave a space enclosed by two apostrophes
type server semi code.
We are now making use of the live engine x mod http headers more filter package that we installed.
That package allows us to remove certain headers and I want to remove the server header.
You can close neno control x save modify buffer.
Yes, file name to right engine X.com.
And if you simply need to press enter after editing any engine X configuration file immediately test
the configuration sudo engine x hyphen t syntaxes.
OK, test is successful now to enable the changes that I've made to the engine x dot com NFL, I need
to reload the engine X service.
SUDA System CTL Reload, followed by the service that I would like to reload, which is Ingenix back
to my browser.
I'm going to refresh the Ingenix version number has disappeared.
Kerl 1/2 and I followed by my service IP address.
The server header has been removed.
With Maria Debe, we need to remove any dangerous default settings that were applied during the installation
process.
This is accomplished by running the security script, my esquibel secure installation in terminal.
I'm still in a slash, slash and Genex directory.
I'm going to change to my home directory.
The command is sudo the space my Eskil underscore secure underscore installation into current password
for route.
That is the route Maria DB user, not the router user on your server.
We have not set a password for the route Maria DB user you can press enter set route password.
No Maria DB uses Unix socket authentication.
We log into Marea DB using Suja.
You do not need to set a root password.
Remove anonymous users.
Yes.
Disallow route log in remotely.
Yes, we will only allow connections from localhost, remove test database and access to it.
Yes.
Reload privilege tables now.
Cleaning up all done to log in to Maria DBE.
We use sudo Maisky.
Oh I find you.
The user is a route we have now logged into Maria db to exit Maria DB you type the command exit.
If you leave out Sudo and you type my Eskil hyphen you followed by the user route access denied.
The main configuration file is packed, and I hope that Anei is a large file, Nano has an option that
allows you to search for a particular string.
You use control plus W and then you can type A string that you are searching for, as with any other
service that is running on your server.
If you make a change to the configuration file of that service, you need to restart or reload the service
that is associated with that configuration file.
After we edit Anei, you need to restart the process sudo system ctrl restart seven point four Hafford
f rpm.
We are going to make the following changes in the speed in Ifrah.
We are going to set allow you RLF if open to off set CGI fix pass info to zero.
And we need to confirm that exposed IP is set to off by changing allow you are all open to offer.
It prevents a directive allowing files to be included from external sources.
This can create a security risk for all sites that are hosted on your server.
By changing our fixed path info to zero, it prevents me from trying to execute parts of the path.
If the file that was passed in to the process is not found, this can be used by malicious users to
execute arbitrary code.
You don't want to expose that your server is using and what version of.
So we need to confirm that expose is set off CD Sush UTC.
A listing will display a directory FTP.
You can change to the directory CD Leave a space.
A listing displays another directory seven point four CD Space seven point for another listing displays
three directories Seelie, PM and mods available.
We want to change to the FEMA directory.
Listing of the FPM directory displays the configuration file.
We want to edit update EINAI.
As with any other configuration file suit you see online are the MySpace type of the same file name,
but add a dot back to the file name, a listing will display online and the dot back backup file of
BHP dot.
I know you can now use neno sudo neno followed by the file name that you want to edit einai.
As you can see the dot on file is one thousand nine hundred and forty six months control w we want to
search allow underscore your url after pressing enter allow you url if open is currently set to on.
Change it to off in the eye and offer comments or proceeded with a semicolon in other configuration
files, comments are preceded by a hash control w we now want to search for CGI dot fix.
Here is the directive.
CGI dot fix underscore pass info equals one.
Remove the semicolon to enable the directive change the one to zero control w we now want to search
for expose the directive exposed p equals or you can close neno control x save modify buffer y filename
to write dot einai.
To enable the changes in the configuration that we've made, you need to restart the seven point four
FBN process.
SUDA System CTL restart seven point four Hafen if PM.
So now we've hardened Ingenix, Maria, Debe and seven point four.